.TH xtow 1
.SH NAME
xtow \- An X Compositing Window Manager for Microsoft Windows

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xtow [ options ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIxtow\fP is a Compositing Window Manager for the X Window System running on Microsoft Windows.

\fIxtow\fP is designed to connect to a headless X server which supports the Composite extension,
for example, \fIXorg(1)\fP using the xf86-video-dummy driver, and will draw the contents of X windows
from that X server into native \fIWindows\fP windows.

.SH OPTIONS
\fIxtow\fP accepts the following command line switches, \fIall\fP of which are optional:

.TP 8
.B \-display [display]
Specifies the X server display to connect to.
.TP 8
.B \-nodwm
Do not use DWM, even if available (Windows Vista or later).  per-pixel transparency will not be
supported.
.TP 8
.B \-blur
If DWM is available, use the glass effect to blur the image beneath transparent areas.
.B \-noshm
Do not use MIT-SHM to transfer window images from the X server, even if available.
.TP 8
.B \-verbose
Output verbose debugging information.  Multiple -verbose options increase verbosity.

.SH "WINDOW PROPERTIES"
Partial conformance to ICCCM and EWMH standards.

The widely used but non-standard _NET_WM_WINDOW_OPACITY window property sets the transparency of
a window, with 0 being transparent and 0xffffffff being opaque.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
XWin(1).

.SH BUGS
Lots. This is a prototype for testing libXcwm at this stage.

.SH AUTHORS
xtow was written by Jon Turney.  It uses libXcwm to do most of the heavy lifting of tracking
X windows and talking xcb to the X server, and re-uses most of the code from \fIXWin(1)\fP's
integrated window manager for managing the native windows.
